Abstracting out the GS heuristics into a Strategy class (#278)
nerfstudio-project/gsplat: docs/source/apis/strategy.rst

Densification Strategy
===================================

.. currentmodule:: gsplat

In `gsplat`, we abstract out the densification and pruning process of the Gaussian 
training into a strategy. A strategy is a class that defines how the Gaussian parameters

> (along with their optimizers) should be updated (splitting, pruning etc) during the training. 

Reviewer: nit: (splitting, pruning etc) --> (splitting, pruning, etc.)

    # Check the sanity of the parameters and optimizers
    strategy.check_sanity(params, optimizers)

    # Initialize the strategy state
    strategy_state = strategy.initialize_state()

    # Training loop
    for step in range(1000):
        # Forward pass
        render_image, render_alpha, info = rasterization(...)

        # Pre-backward step
        strategy.step_pre_backward(params, optimizers, strategy_state, step, info)

        # Compute the loss
        loss = ...

        # Backward pass
        loss.backward()

        # Post-backward step
        strategy.step_post_backward(params, optimizers, strategy_state, step, info)

A strategy will inplacely update the Gaussian parameters as well as the optimizers,
so it has a specific expectation on the format of the parameters and the optimizers.
It is designed to work with the Guassians defined as either a Dict of
`torch.nn.Parameter <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.parameter.Parameter.html>`_
or a
`torch.nn.ParameterDict <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.ParameterDict.html>`_
with at least the following keys: {"means", "scales", "quats", "opacities"}. On top of these attributes,

> arbitrarily number of extra attributes are supported. Besides the parameters, it also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an arbitrary number of extra attributes are supported. Besides the parameters, it also
```
